welcome to the auction at my Subaru
pickup or Subaru Brat so well known as
and as you can see it's on a G plate
retains very good original condition
panels very good very straight van and
they mention a dense or rust issues and
upon it that's very good and has our
paint has been resprayed and it's a
fairly good standard as you can see
there are areas that start to come
through and not major very good
condition age those very good as well
taking you around the back of the pickup
the red tailgate very good condition
again no no rust issues take you into
the back the back has been resprayed a
rust was all taken out re welded it's in
fantastic condition in the back go
around to the passenger side again
panels very straight no major dents or
things and feels very
the inside side it's very good the door
cards have no rips and visional door
cards really good condition floor mat
original floor mats and it hasn't really
hasn't been abused this van and it's
locally like we owned the quite some
years now passengers he has had repair
and lever has actually been stitched in
seats
regional radio blue and four drives at
the 4-speed box at full drive works also
has original and toolset all right I'm
taking around to the other side and
we're so hundred mean I don't know if
you can see that it's sinking it one
hundred and thirty two thousand and
thirty-two miles kind of known
drive superb
take you under the engine bay right
engines running as it should all levels
good uses very little water very
reliable and very little oil as you can
see it's been refurbished and the hair
spare will refurbish and Jack it has
been some patches on it
very solid
and I'll say in very good condition
for any more information on the pickup
or to view the pickup please contact me
my name is Ashley on Oh seven nine three
nine six one eight five two five you
glad to hear from you and thank you very
much Cheers